Get out.
The money was carried away by the guards.
Hello, Princess.
Stand up.
Princess Chief
Do you need the Royal Family's help?
Van Hieu started his career
It's immature.
A small second-rate family of the Su family could also make him feel ashamed.
Let go of dignity
I'm really ashamed.
Tomorrow is the wedding of Van Hieu and To Yen Nhi.
Tell Li the People for me.
The palace wants to return to the position of the chief princess.
Welcome back to the Princess.
Tomorrow I want you to bring the holy thread to the Su house.
Let Van Hieu be adopted by the chief princess, the royal son.
Beautiful family.
Right.
The Lord of Heaven really said that.
Your Majesty.
These are the Princess's words.
Really.
That's great.
The Princess is Back
It's Your Majesty's luck.
Big summer.
Your Majesty.
The Princess once said
She wanted to return this time because Prince Ly Van Hieu spread a glorious road.
Show royal prestige
Her Majesty, the princess, for saving her adopted son Ly Van Hieu, did not regret changing her life.
20 years service life
It can be seen that the princess takes this adoption very seriously.
Good sister has no children.
Her adopted son is my nephew.
No matter how I treat him, it's not too much.
My legacy
Donate Princess Ly Van Hieu An Ninh to the throne
The wedding of Ly Van Hieu To's daughter
Prepare to add a gift of the highest specifications of the royal
I want to go to my own house to propose.
Make this wedding the biggest festival in Beijing
My order.
Mrs. Hoang
There are friends here.
The Lord is not worried.